I am no rocket man they talk about I
jump from star to star elbow Cay down
this video's raffle leave any comment
below to be entered to win a VIP slot on
my server good luck guys hey there guys
today we have some road to unusual and
also the footage of the winner receiving
their unusual shooters sola topi from
the first sniper road to unusual and
where I did win the round or the team on
the round and we also placed MVP number
one so that's awesome there he is
receiving it he was very excited
hopefully he holds on to it forever and
yeah guys enjoy the next episode we'll
have more to give away hey what's going
on guys my name is shitty welcome back
to road to unusual we have our killer's
kabuto with the orbiting planets effect
medic no time for i5s we gotta get on
the battlefield and try to win this
round so what we gotta do here is win
the round I like not get hit by that
spot win the round and be at number one
MVP most points so that's our objective
probably should be shooting buildings
with this things it does like no damage
but it might blow up soon there we go
take him out we are using the cow
mangler oh dang it and the rice
righteous bison so we're going with our
heavy alien weapons we're not going to
be requiring much ammo at all so that's
kind of nice four counts me Roman know
if they having some fun not get sniped
and kind of just playing smart so while
our team is trying to figure out they
want to cap the point or not I need to
dance around i can hit by the sniper
back off here try to get some assists I
feel like the righteous bison will be
good for getting assists because it can
hit multiple targets on its way through
where is the Scout cheese Louise you get
some hits on him so weird be going for a
splash damage and we be trying to hit
people to either get assists or get
killed if it's my can help me out for a
second no watch out Thank You medic I
appreciate your help alright so let's
roam a little bit
there is a mini century over on that
side spy right here I'm going to trying
it some splash damage on that spy I hear
a century by OCS entry are you fine are
you legit are you on my team I don't
really know we don't need for that okay
kill that sniper that's uh good look at
the system in that building yes nice
it's good for points Achilles sniper
thousand hope that health pack there as
I say spin move kids back off from that
pyro he ends up getting the crit flare
gun that was good shot and we get a holy
mackerel so there we go give a man a
fish he eats for a day teach a man to
fish he eats for a lifetime give a man
an unusual he has a fancy hat teach a
man how to earn unusual he has unusual
forever hey listen I got a little
domination I do I get extra points for
domination finals well so far so good
not gonna check the scoreboard because
that would be spoilers and hopefully
we're gonna do know it is what oh man of
course out of everyone I get backstabbed
that kind of happens all right this
guy's got an arrow right through his
Achilles no ideas shin I would really
really hurt I like his little helmet
it's like he's some kind of road warrior
man I've been dead for a long time that
respawn time though if you get out there
you spy really really i'll say i would
not be nice well i can't hit anyway yeah
I killed ships and leveled my knife well
done now let's get out there because it
seems like apparently the other team is
having trouble getting other spawn which
I am completely fine with because that
means we're definitely win the round cuz
we're doing really well okay that's
really not why I want to see there okay
I'm I'm screwed
need a reload here man we got mark a
gardener I think he just kind of fell
and hit me when he turned the corner and
there's a heavy that look like a heavy
with a soldier medic combo that's not
helping anyone out I mean really what
I'm going to do there pretty much what I
had to do is just get some shots on the
ground damage everyone back off and try
to get my reload on and we don't plays
MVP damn it now i have it in the top
three Wow our team must been beast in
that heavy on point doing absolute work
well in this episode we do not succeed
but we will be getting this frickin
awesome killer's kabuto unusual way now
i do have halloween turned on the server
so then you can wear all your fancy
halloween stuff because everyone has a
lot of halloween stuff and that would be
great i'm selling a second opinion now
i'm pretty sure that would be an item
and not actually a second opinion on
something unless all right that that spy
is not one of us it's gonna be dead
ringer alright guys well anyways we're
gonna leave it at that for now keep it
short keep it sweet and i am positive
that will be getting giving this unusual
away soon enough anyways guys my name is
shibby thank you so much for watching
and i will see you guys in the next road
to unusual I don't know what the thing
about that it's like the super derp
heavy face I I just don't even know
thank you guys so much for watching if
you're new around here make sure to go
bottom left on the video and hit that
subscribe button hung a YouTube page if
you're looking to check out either some
battlefield 4 footage or some trouble in
terrorist town those lengths for these
annotations will be in the description
that way mobile users can click on them
too and no one is left out you guys are
awesome catch you all later